Add docs for the new Twig Component syntax (#792)
symfony/ux: src/TwigComponent/doc/index.rst

.. note::

    Embedded components *cannot* currently be used with LiveComponents.
    
Component HTML Syntax

> -----------------

Reviewer: The length of this `---` needs to match the length of the line above it

> .. versionadded:: 2.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 2.8
```

    This syntax was been introduced in 2.8 and is still experimental: it may change in the future.
    

> Twig Component came with a new syntax to ease the readability of your template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twig Components come with an HTML-like syntax to ease the readability of your template:
```

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/some_page.html.twig #}
    <twig:Alert warning :user="user.username" message="I am an alert!">
       <div class="alert-content">
            // ... your component content
       </div>
       <twig:block name="footer">
            // ... footer content
       </twig:block>
    </twig:Alert>
    

> You can now use a custom tag prefix starting by <twig: and your component name

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence and the example above. 

So it would be:

> Twig Components come with an HTML-like...

And then the simple example below

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <twig:Alert></:Alert>

>     // and also self closing tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // or use a self-closing tag
```

    <twig:Alert/>
    

> You can pass an attribute to your component like any HTML attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass props to your component by using HTML attributes. Suppose you have the following component:
```

Then show a simple `Alert` component with the `warning`, `message` and `user` properties (including any others I missed). I think it helps to see the component so you can see how the attributes "bind" to them

.. code-block:: html+twig

>     // Warning will be set to true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // "warning" property will be set to true
```

    <twig:Alert warning></:Alert>
    

>     <twig:Alert message="hello" :user="user"/>

Reviewer: Remove `:user` - we talk about that syntax below.

And then we can probably combine the next 2 examples:

```
<twig:Alert message="hello" withActions/>
```

>     //camel camelCase works too for your properties names

Reviewer: no need for this - we just need to show it

    <twig:Alert withActions message="hello" :user="user" />
    

> And then as usual you can access your properties in your component template

Reviewer: I *think* we don't need this sentence or the code below, because we'll now show them the PHP component so they can see how the attributes are being set into the properties, like any other component.

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/components/Alert.html.twig #}
    
    <div class={{ warnings ? 'warnings' : 'success' }}>
        <p>{{ message }}</p>
        ...
    </div>
    
You can add the ':' prefix to your attribute to indicate that the value 
should be compiled by Twig

.. code-block:: html+twig
    
    <twig:Alert message="hello" :user="user.id"/>
    
    // equal to

>     

Reviewer: Remove this blank line, I think

    <twig:Alert message="hello" user="{{ user.id }}"/>
    
    // and pass object, or table, or anything you imagine
    <twig:Alert :foo="['col' => ['foo', 'oof']]"/>
    

> This syntax came also with special syntax for embedded component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This syntax also allows passing content to blocks:
```

Then I think we show the "default" block example first. Then, after, say:

> In addition to the default block, you can also add named blocks:

.. note::

    Embedded components *cannot* currently be used with LiveComponents.
    

> Twig Component syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component HTML Syntax
```

-----------------
    
.. versionadded:: 2.9

>     This syntax has been introduced in 2.9, and it's still experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This syntax was been introduced in 2.8 and is still experimental: it may change in the future.
```

    
Twig Component came with a new syntax to ease the readability of your template:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# templates/some_page.html.twig #}
    <twig:table :headers="['key', 'value']" :data="[[1, 2], [3, 4]]">
        <twig:block name="th_class">
            {{ parent() }}
        </twig:block>
         <twig:block name="td_class">
            {{ parent() }}
        </twig:block>
        <twig:block name="footer">
            <div class="data-table-footer">
               My footer
            </div>
        </twig:block>

>     </twig:table>

Reviewer: Let's use a simple `Alert` example - it's a bit simpler, so easier to understand. And remember to call the component `Alert` - we now match the class name.

> You can now use a custom tag prefix starting by <t: and your component name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use a custom tag prefix starting by <twig: and your component name
```

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <twig:table></:table>
    // and also self closing tag
    <twig:table/>
    

> You can pass an attribute to your component like any HTML attribute and also use the ':' prefix to your attribute to indicate that the value should be compiled by Twig

Reviewer: Add a line break for these long lines at around the 72nd or 75th character

.. code-block:: html+twig

    // primary will be set to true

>     <twig:component primary></:component>

Reviewer: Continue using `Alert` or some real-sounding name here.

    <twig:component text="hello" :user="user.id"/>
    
    // equal to
    <twig:component text="hello" user="{{ user.id }}"/>
    
    // and pass object, or table, or anything you imagine

>     <twig:component :table="['col' => ['foo', 'oof']]"/>

Reviewer: I would *first* show a normal attribute example - one that does not use a variable - explain how that passes in a prop. THEN have a second code block where you say that you can also pass in dynamic variables with 2 different syntaxes.

Reviewer: Also, use at least one camelCase prop name to show that this isn't special.

> This syntax also came with a nice feature: a default content block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass content directly inside your component.
```

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <twig:component>
       // any content you want
       <div>
           ...
       </div>
    </twig:component>
    

> Then in your component template, you can access the content put into your component:

Reviewer: This becomes a block called ``content``:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <div class="content">
         {% block content %}
            // and the content will appear in here
         {% endblock %}
     </div>

>     

Reviewer: Then show named blocks below - probably along WITH the default block so you can see it mixed together.

.. note::

    Embedded components *cannot* currently be used with LiveComponents.
    
Component HTML Syntax
---------------------
    
.. versionadded:: 2.8

    This syntax was been introduced in 2.8 and is still experimental: it may change in the future.
    
Twig Components come with an HTML-like syntax to ease the readability of your template:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <twig:Alert></:Alert>
    // or use a self-closing tag
    <twig:Alert/>
    
You can pass props to your component by using HTML attributes. Suppose you have the following component:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    // "withActions" property will be set to true

>     <twig:Alert withActions message="hello"></:Alert>

Reviewer 2: wrong closing?

        
You can add the ':' prefix to your attribute to indicate that the value 
should be compiled by Twig

.. code-block:: html+twig
    
    <twig:Alert message="hello" :user="user.id"/>
    
    // equal to
    <twig:Alert message="hello" user="{{ user.id }}"/>
    
    // and pass object, or table, or anything you imagine
    <twig:Alert :foo="['col' => ['foo', 'oof']]"/>
    
You can pass content directly inside your component.

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <twig:Alert>
       // any content you want
       <div>
           ...
       </div>
    </twig:Alert>
    
Then in your component template, This becomes a block called content:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    <div class="content">
         {% block content %}
            // and the content will appear in here
         {% endblock %}
         {% block footer %}
            ...

>          {% block footer %}

Reviewer 2: should be endblock?

     </div>    
    
In addition to the default block, you can also add named blocks:

.. code-block:: html+twig
    
    <twig:Alert message="hello" :user="user.id">
        <twig:block name="footer">
            ...
        </twig:block>
    </twig:Alert>
    
And in your component template you can access your embedded block

.. code-block:: html+twig
    
    <div class="content">
         {% block footer %}
            ...

>          {% block footer %}

Reviewer 2: should be endblock?
